in Gaza, a peace deal
cannot come soon enough.
Just in the past
24 hours,
we have seen more than 30
people killed in Israeli strikes,
including three day old twins
and their mother.
CNN's Jeremy Diamond has this report.
All of us have.
How do you console a man
whose whole world has been shattered?
I'm not a man who, hours
earlier, was locked in the warm
embrace of his wife and newborn babies,
but now cries out in agony,
begging to see them one last time.
Oh, let us.
His new
horrific reality is too much to bear.
I almost lost
his wife and twin babies are dead.
Killed in an Israeli strike
on their apartment in central Gaza,
according to hospital officials.
I saw
and her brother Oscar
were just three days old.
The Palestinian
ministry of Health
says they are among 115 infants born
and killed during the war in Gaza.
Hours earlier, their mother, Jumana,
a pharmacist,
was blissfully responding
to congratulations
and well wishes on Facebook.
I feel like it was a miracle.
Alhamdulillah sister,
everything is going well.
I don't know Jumana.
I saw an usher now lie here in a room
consumed with Mohammed's
inconsolable grief.
That's for us to.
These are the birth certificates,
he says.
While I was getting them,
I received a phone call telling me
our apartment was targeted
and that my wife and children
were at Al-Aqsa hospital.
Neighbors are still sifting
through the aftermath of that strike.
Hospital officials say an Israeli
shell hit the building.
The Israeli military did not respond
to CNN's request for comment.
The victims of several other strikes
in central Gaza
also pour into Al-Aqsa martyrs hospital,
and more parents grieve
the deaths of their children.
How can I live after you, my son?
This mother cries
amid the grief.
There is also anger and exasperation,
including from the dead
man's father, Adam.
The entire unjust world
does not care about this.
That's all I can say, Hassan says.
Just numbers.
We are just numbers.
But for God, we are martyrs.
One by one.
Their bodies are
brought out of the morgue
so the living can pray for the dead,
including nine month
old Jamal and his father, Uday Amar.
Mohammed is performing the same rituals
for his wife and twin babies,
but prayers offer
little comfort for a man
who has lost everything
for a new father
with no children to raise.
Jeremy Diamond, CNN, Haifa, Israel.
Israel-Hamas cease fire
talks are set to resume
Thursday in Doha
and a lot is riding on them.
There has been some speculation
that Iran
might hold off on plans to attack Israel
if a Gaza cease fire is reached soon.
But some have cast serious doubt on that.
Iran has vowed to retaliate
for the assassination of Hamas's
political leader
in Tehran,
an attack that it blames on Israel.
Meanwhile, sources
tell CNN
Hamas is taking a position
of intentional
ambiguity and ambiguity
about appearing at the Doha talks.
Representatives from Israel, Qatar, Egypt
and the U.S. are all taking part.
Nic Robertson joining us now
from Tel Aviv with the details.
Hi there, Nic.
So Hamas
being very non-committal
about the talks
that are set for Thursday.
What are you watching for?
And if they don't show,
are the talks off?
No.
There's a part of the talks
that's going to happen there.
Proximity talks.
So the U.S.
and Israel
and the intermediaries,
Qatar and Egypt can meet
and are expected to meet in Doha
tomorrow.
we do sort of see this strategic
all this ambiguity,
by Hamas as, as a potential way
to try to put pressure on
the Israeli government
because they're being very specific
about why they have this ambiguity.
They are saying
these are not negotiations
from that point of view,
that the meeting in Doha
should be about implementing,
the framework
that President Biden put forward,
in, over the past couple of months
that they say
that the Israeli government,
Prime Minister Netanyahu,
who has added on additional things
like control
and veto over prisoner exchange,
prisoner release, says about the control
of the Philadelphia Corridor,
the control of the Rafah border crossing,
all of which are huge issues for Hamas
that they say
were not part of that original framework.
So from their perspective.
you know, and speaking to other sources
who are informed about the talks
and about Hamas's position,
it seems clear through this ambiguity
as well, very clear
that if the talks were to go
in Doha between the U.S.
and and Israel and Qatar
and the Egyptians, as Hamas wants,
then they would have somebody available
to have a follow on discussion with,
but I don't think expectations are
at that point.
I think the expectations
really at the moment,
questioning what is going to be different
about these talks than any other,
how much or has there
been any substantial change
on the negotiating position of either
side, either Hamas or Israel?
And that's where things stand.
And of course, that's what
Iran is waiting to see.
And the expectation is,
regardless of the outcome of these talks,
Iran will strike.
It's just a question
of how big that strike would be.
And, Nick,
if you want to talk to us about,
you know, what
you're hearing there in Israel,
because obviously,
Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
has been facing a lot of pressure.
And it seems
there seems to be a difference
between what the public wants versus
the political will
and what the government, is aiming for.
Yeah.
The latest polling,
on some of the channels here
in Israel indicates
about two thirds of the population
would go for a hostage deal.
as it's been outlined already, which
which is a significant number.
But that's not the position
of prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu that we know.
And it's certainly not the position
that the hard right
members of his coalition government,
are willing to tolerate.
They threatened to get out of the talks
if he went for that kind of deal.
I think there's been a lot of expectation
in the region, particularly,
you know, in trying to get these talks up
and running tomorrow,
that there would be a lot of U.S.
pressure on Prime Minister
Netanyahu to change his position,
not to have these add ons
that, Hamas talks about,
although his office says they don't
they haven't put any add ons
to President Biden's framework.
and when we had the announcement
yesterday, that, that the United States
was going to clear
$20 billion worth of military,
of military equipment to Israel, not
this is part of a long process,
and it's only part of that process,
and it's only provisional,
the timing of it,
because it's been a long process
that seemed to indicate
that the United States
potentially potentially
trying to
trying to give Prime Minister Netanyahu
something in return for what they may
hope comes out of these talks.
But I would say no
one is holding their breath
that that would be the outcome from this.
Yeah, they understand the complexities
and reality of,
all that is taken into account.
Nic Robertson,
appreciate your reporting there
from Tel Aviv. Thank you.